Add D-E lettered article stubs from Glossary (#3821)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Elite_Beat_Agents/en.md

---
tags:
  - nintendo games
  - ds games
  - eba
---

> # Elite Beat Agents
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Elite Beat Agents

*See also: [osu! Tatake! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->

```
I'm not sure if linking articles outside of the wiki in a "See also" hatnote is ok, but I'll leave it here anyway; ignore this if I'm wrong. **This link should be replaced with a stub within the wiki that talks about the Ouendan games in the future Not sure if this.**

> **Elite Beat Agents** or *EBA* refers to the game called [Elite Beat Agents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elite_Beat_Agents) developed by [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS) and released for the [Nintendo DS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_DS) in 2006.
> 
> EBA is one of the [DS games](/wiki/Glossary/DS_Games) that the [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) gamemode is based on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Elite Beat Agents** (*EBA*) refers to the original video game [Elite Beat Agents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elite_Beat_Agents), developed by [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS) and released for the [Nintendo DS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_DS) in 2006. It is one of the original [DS games](/wiki/Glossary/DS_Games) that the [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) is based on.
```

# Elite Beat Agents

> *See also: [osu! Tatake! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*See also: [Osu! Tatake! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->
```
The ouendan games capitalize the "o" in "Osu!." Whereas our osu! likes to be special and spells it with a lowercase o

> *See also: [osu! Tatake! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*See also: [Osu! Tatake! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->
```
The ouendan games capitalize the "o" in "Osu!." Whereas our osu! likes to be special and spells it with a lowercase o

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*See also: [Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osu!_Tatakae!_Ouendan "Wikipedia")* <!-- this needs an stub to link to -->
```
fix typo

> **Elite Beat Agents** (*EBA*) refers to the original video game [Elite Beat Agents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elite_Beat_Agents), developed by [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS) and released for the [Nintendo DS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_DS) in 2006. It is one of the original [DS games](/wiki/Glossary/DS_Games) that the [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) is based on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Elite Beat Agents** (*EBA*) refers to the original video game [Elite Beat Agents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elite_Beat_Agents "Wikipedia"), developed by [iNiS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INiS "Wikipedia") and released for the [Nintendo DS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_DS "Wikipedia") in 2006. It is one of the original [DS games](/wiki/Glossary/DS_Games) that the [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) is based on.
```
